Post review suggestions (#50)
kserve/community: security/self-assessment.md

- SBOMs for all components are now automatically generated as part of the CI/CD pipeline.
  - The SBOMs can be found at the `DockerHub` in the released container images:
    - docker.io/kserve/storage-initializer
    - docker.io/kserve/tf2openapi
    - docker.io/kserve/xgbserver
    - docker.io/kserve/sklearnserver
    - docker.io/kserve/lgbserver
    - docker.io/kserve/paddleserver
    - docker.io/kserve/pmmlserver
    - docker.io/kserve/kserve-controller
    - docker.io/kserve/agent
    - docker.io/kserve/art-explainer

>     - docker.io/kserve/rest-proxy

Reviewer: This image also does not have sbom.

          },

        ```

>       - `skopeo copy docker://docker.io/kserve/<image>@<attestation-manifest-sha> dir:./<image>-manifest`

Author: It is correctly rendered: https://github.com/spolti/community/blob/postIssue44/security/self-assessment.md

 - Committers are required to agree to the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO) for each and every commit by simply stating you have a legal right to make the contribution.
- At least one reviewer is required for a pull request to be approved.
- Automated CI/CD with vulnerability scanning and static analysis.

>   - There are scheduled vulnerability scams ad code and container level:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - There are scheduled vulnerability scans at code and container level:
```
